Dad, what are you doing?
What do I do?
Aren't you my girlfriend?
Your dad
Dad used to beat you when you were a kid
You've been missing for 15 years and my hands are itchy
Should I give you all the 15 years of slapping?
I won't eat it!
Dad, stop fighting
I'm giving you one last chance.
Are you my daughter Yiyi?
Ah, me!
Lao Tzu let you win once
That's enough.
It's not my daughter's meaning to let you know
Ancestor, you can fool Zhang Wenmei and Xiaohui
They are both quasi-goods
Do you treat Lao Tzu as a product?
Ahhhh!
Just stop hitting
I admit it. I admit I'm a fake.
I am not Suqian Yi
Enough acting
No more acting, I stole the clothes and photos
My wife identified me and also tampered with it.
I am the biological daughter of my parents
I am Liu Jing
I am not a Suqian doctor
What the hell?
You stole the clothes.
You stole the photo.
Paternity test you can do too
Are you sure?
Are you discussing in private?
And know his identity
I know where he is